---
layout: post
title:  "First post"
date:   2021-03-14 18:58:01 +0530
thumbnail: "/assets/images/cacti.png"
---


hello world
A banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds
of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.

In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains",
distinguishing them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color,
and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in
starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown
when ripe.

hello world
A banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds
of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.

In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains",
distinguishing them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color,
and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in
starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown
when ripe.

hello world
A banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds
of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.

In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains",
distinguishing them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color,
and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in
starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown
when ripe.

hello world
A banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds
of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.

In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains",
distinguishing them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color,
and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in
starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown
when ripe.

hello world
A banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds
of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.

In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains",
distinguishing them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color,
and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in
starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown
when ripe.

hello world
A banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds
of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.

In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains",
distinguishing them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color,
and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in
starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown
when ripe.

hello world
A banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds
of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.

In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains",
distinguishing them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color,
and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in
starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown
when ripe.
